CharacterGuide/31┃Rio’s got a couple bows in her arsenal that she can swap between, depending on what she's up against.\nHer passive, Hassetsu reduces her target’s defense based on her Critical Strike Chance. She can't deal critical strikes, but she still gets damaged based on her critical strike chance and skill amplification. She is a flexible and versatile archer with strengths regardless of the critical strike chance and skill amplification of her items. \nRio’s Kyudo Instinct(Q) allows her to swap bows. Her hankyu deals less damage but can attack quickly and continuously with 2 arrows. With her daikyu, she fires one single powerful arrow that is slower but deals more damage.\nShe also gets an extra effect applied to her next attack or skill after dealing damage to three targets with her skills or basic attacks. With her Hankyu, she gets increased movement and attack speed for a moment. Using her daikyu increases her damage dealt proportional to her enemy’s missing HP. It slows them too! \nHanare(W) allows Rio to fire multiple arrows in a cone while using her Hankyu, leaving behind a small breeze that slows enemies. With her daikyu, she fires a single but powerful arrow that pierces targets, dealing damage, and reducing its cooldown.\nWith Soar(E), Rio jumps into the air and fires her arrows down towards her enemies. Soaring with her hankyu, she fires 2 arrows at enemies. With her daikyu, she can deal extra damage in an area. Damaging enemies also reduces its cooldown!\nLike the rest of her skills, Rio has a different ultimate ability with a bow. With her hankyu, Rio uses Fleeting Soul to fire multiple arrows in the direction. Each deals damage and lowers the cooldown of Fleeting Soul/Spirit Arrow. An extra one at the end knocks enemies back. If they're hit into a wall, they're stunned.\nWith her daikyu, Rio stabilizes herself and fires a Spirit Arrow in the targeted direction, dealing damage and slowing enemies. The further the arrow flies, the more damage it does!\n\n
CharacterGuide/31/Bow┃<color=orange>Bows</color> have rather low attack power, but fast attack speed. The weapon skill Rain of Arrows is hard to master because of its delay , but you can deal big damage and slow down your enemies if you get it right.