CharacterGuide/23┃Cathy uses her surgical tools to wound enemies and deal even more damage to those already wounded. \nCathy's Passive has two parts: Under the Knife & Post-op. Under the Knife allows Cathy to apply a stack of Wounded to enemies with skills. However, upon reaching 5 stacks, enemies are Severely Wounded and really start to feel the pain. Cathy deals additional critical strike damage to Severely Wounded enemies.\nPost-op: Hitting enemies with a skill grants her a shield, absorbing damage for a few seconds and increasing her movement speed.\nUse Double Bypass (Q) to dash in the targeted direction, dealing damage to enemies hit. She can also Wound enemies with her next basic attack after using a skill. If Cathy Severely Wounds an enemy, the cooldown of Double Bypass is reduced, opening up opportunity for her to pull off some sick combos. \nAmputation (W) has two "ranges": close range and the outer cone. Enemies hit by the outer cone are grounded them for a moment, preventing them from using movement skills.\nSuture (E) is a strong skill, prime to help Cathy take on multiple enemies at the same time. Cathy throws her suture thread, dealing damage to the first enemy hit and rooting them for a few seconds.Threads can also pass through and hit another enemy, pulling them together, dealing damage and stunning them for a few seconds. If the thread passes through and hits a wall, it'll push the enemy to the wall, dealing damage and stunning them for a few seconds.\nEmergency Surgery (R) is great offensively and for helping your team. When you revive a downed teammate, Emergency Surgery creates a healing zone around them. Activate it to charge in the targeted direction, dealing damage based on the enemy's missing HP and causing Severe Wounds. She also creates a healing zone where she dashes, recovering her and her allies' HP.\nCathy's Passive makes crit items an ideal build. Use Amputation or Suture to zip around and cause Severe Wounds. You can execute your enemies after you get them to low HP by activating Emergency Surgery, or you can engage with it to cause Severe Wounds from the start. There are a couple of cool things you can pull off with this skill. You could also pop into some team matches and be the killer support you've always dreamt of. \nCathy will make them regret they ever called the doctor in the first place.
CharacterGuide/23/OneHandSword┃<color=orange>Daggers</color> are powerful for instant attacks. You can disappear for a moment and reappear again with the Cloak and Dagger skill to deal cellular damage.